content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Ollama Labs"
date: 2025-03-18
draft: false
---

# Welcome to Ollama Labs

Your comprehensive resource for everything related to Ollama - the tool that makes it easy to run large language models locally.

## What is Ollama?

Ollama is an open-source project that allows you to run large language models (LLMs) locally on your own hardware. It simplifies the process of downloading, installing, and running AI models without needing specialized knowledge or hardware.

## Why Ollama Labs?

At Ollama Labs, we provide:

- **Comprehensive Tutorials**: Learn how to use Ollama from basics to advanced techniques
- **Practical Labs**: Hands-on exercises to build real-world applications
- **Model Library**: Information about supported models and their performance
- **Latest News**: Stay up-to-date with the latest Ollama developments

## Getting Started

New to Ollama? Check out our [Getting Started Guide](/docs/getting-started/) to install Ollama and run your first model in minutes.

## Featured Content

- [Installing Ollama on Different Platforms](/docs/getting-started/installation/)
- [Running Your First Model](/labs/lab1-running-first-model/)
- [Integrating Ollama with Python Applications](/labs/lab3-python-integration/)
- [Building a Custom Chat Interface](/labs/lab4-chat-interface/)

## Join the Community

Ollama has a growing community of developers and enthusiasts. Join us on [GitHub](https://github.com/ollama/ollama) or our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ollama) to connect with other users and contributors.

Commit message:

Update homepage with type: docs for proper rendering

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Ollama Labs"
type: docs
---

# Welcome to Ollama Labs

Your comprehensive resource for everything related to Ollama - the tool that makes it easy to run large language models locally.

## What is Ollama?

Ollama is an open-source project that allows you to run large language models (LLMs) locally on your own hardware. It simplifies the process of downloading, installing, and running AI models without needing specialized knowledge or hardware.

## What You'll Find Here

- **[Documentation](/docs/)**: Comprehensive guides on installation, configuration, and usage
- **[Tutorials](/docs/tutorials/)**: Step-by-step instructions for common tasks
- **[Labs](/labs/)**: Hands-on exercises to build practical applications
- **[Model Library](/docs/models/)**: Information about supported models and their performance
- **[API Reference](/docs/api/)**: Details on integrating Ollama with your applications

## Getting Started

New to Ollama? Check out our [Getting Started Guide](/docs/getting-started/) to install Ollama and run your first model in minutes.

## Featured Content

- [Installing Ollama on Different Platforms](/docs/getting-started/installation/)
- [Running Your First Model](/labs/lab1-running-first-model/)
- [Integrating Ollama with Python Applications](/labs/lab3-python-integration/)
- [Building a Custom Chat Interface](/labs/lab4-chat-interface/)

## Join the Community

Ollama has a growing community of developers and enthusiasts. Join us on [GitHub](https://github.com/ollama/ollama) or the [Collabnix Community](https://collabnix.com) to connect with other users and contributors.
